For serving…
The one who tortured me the most cruelly…
shed tears in front of the people
on the day I was released.
With the look on his face just like yours.
Starting today, Bun-ok
will manage and watch all of you.
-What? Why?
-She'll manage us?
What's going on?
Why Gizzard?
Quiet.
You must obey Bun-ok's orders.
Don't talk back to her.
Whoever disobeys her
is disobeying me.
So I'll kill them without mercy.
That vicious wench.
-What's going on?
-Tell me about it.
Bun-ok.
-What does she think she is?
-Are you
on the spies' side now?
On their side?
Watch what you say.
I'm just supervising you in Pi's place.
Supervising, whatever.
Who is she to supervise us?
What are we, kindergarteners?
You've now even become
a lackey for the Northern spies?
Listen. This is way worse than stealing.
Once we're all released,
I'm sure you'll go to jail
for helping the spies.
People will throw stones at your family.
That crazy wench.
Yes.
I'm a thieving wench.
Countless rings that you got
from this guy and that guy.
Pairs of dress shoes
you bought but wouldn't wear.
Designer clothes you wore once
on a blind date and forgot about.
I'm a thief who didn't feel guilty
about stealing them.
What are you jabbering about?
Boasting about stealing?
When did you ever treat me like a human?
You treated me like some machine
that took calls for you without any
emotions or desires, and laughed at me.
Like I wasn't human
since I wasn't a college student.
-When did we do that?
-We didn't.
-No, we didn't.
-No way.
I'll return the favor.
See how it feels like
to be bullied by Gizzard.
You should feel it.
That's only fair.
Don't you agree?
Ko Hye-ja?
Hands over your head with your face down.
Heads down, all of you!